README.md, before:

# Build a full stack fitness application with GitHub Copilot in 40 minutes

![Story of Fitness application](images/cover.jpg)

Welcome to a custom Copilot workshop prepared by the **GitHub’s Expert Service team**!

This workshop involves several technology stacks, therefore it is essential that you need to meet prerequisites as outlined in the prerequisites getting started if you want to follow along. Otherwise, please follow along and listen to what the GitHub Expert Service team's instructor demo to see how it works in practice.

## Objectives and key takeaways

### Objectives

- Walk through a real-world use case:
  - Building a fitness tracker app from end to end.
  - Create a full stack of technologies for the infrastructure, frontend, and backend.
  - Using the latest GitHub Copilot features.

### Key takeaways

- Build a full stack application with GitHub Copilot using exercises and instructions that you can take with you
- Experience the coolest, latest GitHub Copilot features, including Copilot and Copilot Chat
- Learn different concepts in GitHub Copilot and best practices for effectively leveraging Copilot in a variety of scenarios

Without further ado, let's get started.

## Table of Contents

1. [Story](docs/1_Story)
2. [Prerequisites and development environment setup](docs/2_Prerequisites)
3. [Getting started - app frontend and backend creation](docs/3_GettingStarted)
4. [MongoDB install and setup](docs/4_MongoDBInstallSetup/)

Commit message:

Refactor README and backend setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Build a full stack fitness application with GitHub Copilot in 40 minutes

![Story of Fitness application](images/cover.jpg)

Welcome to a custom Copilot workshop prepared by the **GitHub’s Expert Service team**!

This workshop involves several technology stacks, therefore it is essential that you need to meet prerequisites as outlined in the prerequisites getting started if you want to follow along. Otherwise, please follow along and listen to what the GitHub Expert Service team's instructor demo to see how it works in practice.

## Objectives and key takeaways

### Objectives

- Walk through a real-world use case:
  - Building a fitness tracker app from end to end.
  - Create a full stack of technologies for the infrastructure, frontend, and backend.
  - Using the latest GitHub Copilot features.

### Key takeaways

- Build a full stack application with GitHub Copilot using exercises and instructions that you can take with you
- Experience the coolest, latest GitHub Copilot features, including Copilot and Copilot Chat
- Learn different concepts in GitHub Copilot and best practices for effectively leveraging Copilot in a variety of scenarios

Without further ado, let's get started.

## Table of Contents

1. [Story](docs/1_Story)
2. [Prerequisites and development environment setup](docs/2_Prerequisites)
3. [Getting started - app frontend and backend creation](docs/3_GettingStarted)
4. [OctoFit Tracker database and app backend setup](docs/4_BackendSettings)
5. [Populate the database with sample data](docs/5_PopulateDBwData)
