docs/8_WhatsNext/README.md, before:

# What's next?

You made it this far! Congraulation!

![Congratulation](https://octodex.github.com/images/hula_loop_octodex03.gif)

What's next? From here, you can continue to leverage **GitHub Copilot** to finish the rest of exercises. We could not get far as things like...

- Connecting the front end with the REST API endpoint through Python Django backend
- Implementing the user authentication
- Activity logging API, team management, and leader board functionality
- And probably more!

But we hope that you have learned a lot from this workshop and you can continue to build the application with **GitHub Copilot**.

Also, be sure to checkout self-paced documentation to build the application from scratch:

[**gh.io/octofit-tutorial - Coming Soon!**](https://gh.io/octofit-tutorial)

Make sure to leave the feedback on the workshop and the documentation by following this link:

[:speech_balloon: We want to hear from you! - **gh.io/octofit-survey**](https://gh.io/octofit-survey)

Thank you again. Happy coding with **GitHub Copilot**!

[Go back to the main page](../../README.md)

Commit message:

make some change for codespace and non-codespace version

docs/8_WhatsNext/README.md, after:

# What's next?

You made it this far! Congraulation!

![Congratulation](https://octodex.github.com/images/hula_loop_octodex03.gif)

What's next? From here, you can continue to leverage **GitHub Copilot** to finish the rest of exercises. We could not get far as things like...

- Connecting the front end with the REST API endpoint through Python Django backend
- Implementing the user authentication
- Activity logging API, team management, and leader board functionality
- And probably more!

But we hope that you have learned a lot from this workshop and you can continue to build the application with **GitHub Copilot**.

If you want to checkout this tutorial later after the workshop, please click on the links below:

[gh.io/octofit-tutorial-codespace](https://gh.io/octofit-tutorial-codespace)

Also, be sure to checkout self-paced documentation to build the application from scratch:

[**gh.io/octofit-tutorial - Coming Soon!**](https://gh.io/octofit-tutorial)

Make sure to leave the feedback on the workshop and the documentation by following this link:

[:speech_balloon: We want to hear from you! - **gh.io/octofit-survey**](https://gh.io/octofit-survey)

Thank you again. Happy coding with **GitHub Copilot**!

[Go back to the main page](../../README.md)
